Don't miss the opportunity
Lost forever
The messy sword must be asked now
Otherwise, the emperor's mission will not be completed
I can't stand this fat
What the hell is this guy up to?
I can meet my wife in such a big house
It shows that my relationship with my wife is deep
This is a match made in heaven.
Chen Yu Shanshan is the emperor's man
Madam, you'd better stay away from him
In that case
Then I'll go with the flow and play a show with you
It is indeed fate.
I happen to have something to do, Shanshan, can you help me?
What's the matter with me?
You'll know when you go.
I'm not Feng Qingya
I can't stand people with bad intentions around me
Wait and see how I treat you today